Your current account balance is 100 billion yuan
Oh My God
There is such a good thing in the world.
Hello
what really
There is a mysterious rich man who invested 10 billion for us
The tigers and lions in Jiangcheng can be saved
What
This rich man is
How is mother?
I didn't lie to you, did I?
So be it
I'll give you another big sticker
Has successfully spent 12 billion yuan on women
1.2 billion yuan rebate has been issued
City Lord Xia, although I am just a little loser
But I have a strong sense of family and country
12 billion, a total of 20 billion
Drive all these foreign devils out of Jiangcheng
Mr. Li
come this far
I really don't know how to thank you.
I was so scared. What did I say? Hahaha
Hello Xiaoqing
What
It's okay again
I'll go back first
Hurry and send someone to follow Lin Yang
Your current account balance is 100 billion yuan
Oh, my God.
There is such a good thing in the world!
Hello
What, really?
There is a mysterious rich man who has invested 10 billion for us
The tiger and lion in Jiangcheng have been saved
What!
This rich man is
How is mother
I didn't lie to you, did I?
So be it.
I will give you another big sticker.
Has successfully spent 12 billion yuan for women
1.20 billion yuan cash back has been credited
City Lord Xia, although I am just a little loser
But I have a strong sense of family and country
12 billion 20 billion
Drive all these foreign devils out of Jiangcheng
Mr. Li
Come this far
I really do not know how to thank you.
Scared like this, what did I say? Hahaha
Hello Xiaoqing
What!
Besides, it is okay
I will go back first
Hurry up and send someone to follow Lin Yang